mysteries of vernacular x-ray a form of
electromagnetic radiation capable of
penetrating solids the word x-ray
harkens back to the work of Rene
Descartes a French philosopher
mathematician and writer in the 17th
century one of descartes innumerable
contributions to the world of numbers
was the invention of a simple yet
brilliant convention most people take
for granted today the representation of
unknowns within an equation as x y and z
when the german scientist
vilhelm Rockton discovered what we now
call x-rays in the late 19th century he
gave them the name extra 'ln strollin is
German for shine and X of course
represented the unknown nature of the
radiation ront can had discovered the X
Factor so to speak the English
translation maintained the X but replace
the German shine with ray meaning a beam
of light coincidentally in mathematics
the word ray refers to a line with a
point of origin that has no end and
extends to infinity bringing us neatly
back to the unknown today we understand
what X radiation is and in spite of the
humble objections of its Discoverer it
is also commonly called ront gun
radiation eliminating with the X the
fundamental mystery of its nature
you